Welcome to Fractal Color Patterns - Mathematical Art Visualization
Exploring the infinite beauty of complex mathematics
Mandelbrot set: z_ = z_n² + c, where z₀ = 0
Watch as complex numbers escape to infinity
Julia set visualization with c = -0.7269 + 0.1889i
Each pixel represents thousands of mathematical iterations
Color mapping based on convergence speed
Zooming deeper into fractal self-similarity
Newton's method reveals polynomial root patterns
Mathematical chaos creates organic beauty
Current zoom level: 2.547 × 10¹² magnification
Escape radius |z| > 2 determines boundary conditions
RGB interpolation creates smooth color transitions
Fractal dimension between 1 and 2
Self-similar patterns repeat at every scale
Mathematics meets art in perfect harmony
Thank you for exploring the infinite with us